OSDOCS-16934 Part 2 NODES-6 CQA (#114925)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rodoo-install-operator.adoc

[id="rodoo-install-operator_{context}"]
= Installing the {run-once-operator}

[role="_abstract"]

> Install the {run-once-operator} using the web console by creating the required namespace, installing the operator from the software catalog, and creating a `RunOnceDurationOverride` instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the {run-once-operator} by using the web console to create the required namespace, install the Operator from the software catalog, and create a `RunOnceDurationOverride` instance.
```
